Note how to use Python Launcher with pyenv (#111)
brettcannon/python-launcher: README.md

[U+007C/"Vertical Line"/pipe character](https://www.compart.com/en/unicode/U+007C) (`|`),
but [U+2502/"Box Drawings Light Vertical"](https://www.compart.com/en/unicode/U+2502) (`│`).

> ### How can I make Python Launcher use my default Python version from pyenv?
> 
> If you're using pyenv to manage your Python versions, you'll want to grab the major and minor version from the first Python version in your default pyenv version file.
> 
> If you're using a `~/.pyenv/version` file to store pyenv's global Python versions, you can add this line to your `.zshrc` or `bashrc` file:
> 
> ```sh
> export PY_PYTHON=$(head -n 1 $(pyenv root)/version | cut -d "." -f 1,2)
> ```
> 
> Or this line in your `~/.config/fish/config.fish` file:
> 
> ```sh
> set -gx PY_PYTHON (head -n 1 (pyenv root)/version | cut -d "." -f 1,2)
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### How can I make Python Launcher use my default Python version from pyenv?

If you're using [pyenv](https://github.com/pyenv/pyenv) to manage your Python
versions, you'll want to grab the major and minor version from the first Python
version listed in your default
[pyenv version file](https://github.com/pyenv/pyenv#choosing-the-python-version).

If you're using a `~/.pyenv/version` file to store pyenv's global Python
versions, you can add this line to your `.zshrc` or `bashrc` file:

```sh
export PY_PYTHON=$(head -n 1 $(pyenv root)/version | cut -d "." -f 1,2)
```

Or this line in your `~/.config/fish/config.fish` file:

```sh
set -gx PY_PYTHON (head -n 1 (pyenv root)/version | cut -d "." -f 1,2)
```
```
